== resque_action_mailer_backend_example

This is the example application for the resque_action_mailer_backend gem.
The changes made into this application to get it's emails to be sent over using
Resque were creating the *lib/tasks/resque.rake* file and then defining the
*resque:setup* task as requiring the *environment* task that loads the Rails
environment. This file should require the resque tasks file, below:

  #lib/tasks/resque.rake
  require 'resque/tasks'
  namespace :resque do
    task :setup => :environment
  end

Then, in the *config/environments/development.rb* file the email delivery method
was changed to *:resque* and, finally, in the environment.rb file the
resque_action_mailer_backend gem is required with:

  config.gem "resque_action_mailer_backend"

If you're going to use this application for testing, you should add your email
configuration at *config/initializers/email_config.rb*, then you can start a
resque worker with:

  rake resque:work QUEUE=* VERBOSE=1

And then you can send a test email with:

  script/runner "Mailer.deliver_test"

The email will show up at the Resque worker console and you'll recive it as soon
as the worker finishes sending it.

== Resque and the append only rolling file

If you're using the default Redis configuration, you're probably using the
append only file as a backup for your Redis dabase. As the name implies, the
file is append only so once you get contents in there, they'll never be removed
and this will make the file grow bigger until it blows your hard drive.

Obviously, it's going to take some time for something like this to happen, but
with emails being sent things could change so you should be safe and setup a
cron job running the code that tells Redis to rebuild the file with the current
memory state. This is done by sending the BGREWRITEAOF command to Redis and this
project already includes the *scripts/redis_rebuild* file that does just that so
you don't even have to worry about writting it, just setting up the cron job.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2010 Maurício Linhares. See LICENSE for details.